This data was collected with an interactive version of the Short Dark Triad (see Paulhus, D. L., & Jones, D. N. (2011, January). Introducing a short measure of the Dark Triad. Poster presented at the meeting of the Society for Personality and Social Psychology, San Antonio.).

Only participants who indicated that their answers were accurate and agreed to allow their data to be used for research are included.

The following items were rated on a five point scale with the labels: 1=disagree, 3=neutral, 5=agree

M1	It's not wise to tell your secrets.
M2	I like to use clever manipulation to get my way.
M3	Whatever it takes, you must get the important people on your side. 
M4	Avoid direct conflict with others because they may be useful in the future. 
M5	It's wise to keep track of information that you can use against people later.
M6	You should wait for the right time to get back at people. 
M7	There are things you should hide from other people because they don't need to know.
M8	Make sure your plans benefit you, not others.
M9	Most people can be manipulated.
N1	People see me as a natural leader. 
N2	I hate being the center of attention.
N3	Many group activities tend to be dull without me.  
N4	I know that I am special because everyone keeps telling me so. 
N5	I like to get acquainted with important people. 
N6	I feel embarrassed if someone compliments me.
N7	I have been compared to famous people. 
N8	I am an average person.
N9	I insist on getting the respect I deserve.
P1	I like to get revenge on authorities.
P2	I avoid dangerous situations.
P3	Payback needs to be quick and nasty. 
P4	People often say Im out of control.
P5	It's true that I can be mean to others.
P6	People who mess with me always regret it.
P7	I have never gotten into trouble with the law.
P8	I enjoy having sex with people I hardly know 
P9	I'll say anything to get what I want.

And these other values were calculated from technical information:

source	How the user came to take the test. 1=from front page of website, 2=Google search, 3=other (based on HTTP referrer).
country	Using MaxMind GeoLite.